[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
other than English
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday night bible studies we're going to be
spending a little bit of our time with Juno tonight as you can see as you can see Juno say hello
yeah did you know it's been with us for quite a while so she is quite interested
in the studies thank you for coming tonight we're going to push further into
the mithraic Liturgy so-called we're gonna see what the actual liturgy is and
we're gonna push one level deeper into that mystery we're also going to take a
look tonight at the midpoint in this journey and we are going to celebrate
the midpoint with a few comments a few comments a little time for me to answer
questions we'll call some of them questions from evangelicals
that's tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
so we're gonna begin tonight with a couple of comments that people have sent
in and I just want to let people be a sounding board here and let's hear what
they're saying can you bring the first one up Chewie thanks
oh fantastic I'm obviously not Christian but almond is not a valuable source for
a lot of Classics information yes the Christian church has done a lot of harm to people don't get me started
on Christianity's harm to indigenous peoples in my country but you do not need to falsify what
happened in the Bible to present that position there are ulterior motives on
almonds part he has a vendetta not only because of the harms that Christianity
has done but because he was kicked out of teaching at Christian schools for
inappropriate behavior I.E putting a dildo in a play with children as
audiences there are better ways to figure fight against the abuses of Christianity than
building a cult of hate that was from dark Celestial witch that was from dark
Celestial which dark Celestial witch thank you for your time thank you for paying attention and thank
you for your input yes when the when the
uh when the group that critiques
reviews classical Scholars upcoming and already coming
called brenmar when they critique the chemical Muse they said this is a
dangerous book almond obviously has ulterior motives
ulterior motives these are ulterior motives floating around I love it
I love ulterior motives why wouldn't I um yes the problem is we want the text
Divine dark witch and so we're going to those texts whether anybody likes it or
not so um truly it's the material it's the
material that cuts show so sharply it's the reason that you cannot be 100
faithful to that Muse of antiquity and still sell yourself
within a system that is designed to sell yes
um but hey we look for the Pure Source we look for the Pure Source and
um next comment please let's do another one this is good it's good feedback
nearly a full hour in before the kid got naked in the garden well done almond personal record thank you yes I I'm glad
that you've noticed I tried to I tried to mention that naked kid quite frequently yes
um a full hour I don't know what happened that night let's go on to the last comment please
almonds passed with a Christian hierarchy oh this sounds it already sounds good listen to it sounds like a
sounds like a historian slash psychologist slash expert in the Inquisition
almonds passed with a Christian hierarchy it's just a tinge just the
tinge of arrogance I love it love is my religion
do you have a name Love Is My Religion has resulted in
building hatred towards Jesus condemn the excessiveness but you have
no understanding says love is my religion of Jesus's teachings
you are filled with hatred and negativity
remember what we have to the way that we have to walk as satanists is always
facing reality always facing reality
um we need to dive into this work if nothing else based upon the resistance
the resistance is there to do so we are reconstructing the mystery and of course
of course it's going to make people afraid we're here on warrant right we
have a we have a there's an indictment against this guy you know on in how many
parallel universes yes there's an indictment always ending up in the
garden always ending up in the garden with the boy yes bring that last comment up one more
time I want to say one more thing um uh Jesus doesn't need that you don't
have to put the S after it that's okay whoops can you get us back there we go um in the Christian hierarchy resulted
in his hatred right right but make sure you know he this gentleman or she
whoever it is has an understanding of Jesus's teachings that I do not I would
I would just appeal to you love all religions I would just appeal to you
try to consider that you may be sitting there okay this is just a consider it a
thought experiment right and I'm trying to reach out to you evangelicals I'm trying just as I did to
bring you to life you drunkards just as I brought those drunkards in the
mission to life I want to bring you to a rebirth love of all religions
yes I want you to bring you to that place are you ready
you have never read the Bible you have never read the Bible
[Music] if I could have you
in my gym we could read together [Music]
within a few hours the entire New Testament
uh-huh yeah that's a workout seeing how far you can
get in an hour is a workout for those of us who do ancient Greek yeah let me honestly love of all
religions you have never please just thank to yourself
is there a possibility I have never read the Bible
yes when you do come back and tell me about the pirate
child trafficking savior of yours who was arrested in a
public park at 4am with a naked boy
leave the glory bombs at home yes okay so the rest of us are here
to take that resistance you feel that resistance use it as a wave
use it as a wave right for as much as you desire
to uncover they desire to cover up
right these are the same people that Shout at the bank of cameras that are
recording them you are lying [Laughter]
yes yes right remember
there's just one question job brings the whole thing down
right it's not that the man's entire family was killed
that's not what bothers us what bothers us is whether he would curse The God Who
would do it yeah yeah [Music]
I tell you this much if somebody killed my whole family after lying to them I sure as heck would not be
uh amenable to their suggestions but For the Love of All religions
there we are we're not here though love I'll just call you love from now on love we're not here
yes you're in custody love right we've got you Shackled now
love we need to dip deep tonight Judah wants to go deep and she wants to see
everybody get on that everybody in the ship now let's go let's go let's get in
it um I'm gonna we're gonna have an in-flight film um but I want us to get on that ship and
we're headed back to that mythraic initiation we're there with our daughter
remember that you guys remember we're there with our daughter we saw that guy with his daughter and he was taking her
in for the initiation she's already been prepped with instructions we managed
somebody managed to sneak out and get us you're welcome to sneak out and get his
diary right we got his personal notes isn't that nice somebody threw them away and a garbage dump why because they
contain the stuff they contain the stuff that Paul said
do not read you gotta ask yourself isn't Evangelical
maybe you're an apologist those guys are ridiculous
um you know what's better than seeing somebody born again somebody die again that's when you see that Soul collapse
and that new birth decay then you know what nature is for you
know what I mean then you know then you know yes
How Great Thou Art let's keep going let's keep going so we're inside the ship and we're flying
there I'm just taking up your time so that we can get there we're at that ceremony and here we see here she comes
here comes the dance here comes the song and we are transported there by the
Alpha and the Omega we tune ourselves up completely
and we are there Alpha Omega portal is open
did anybody bring the drugs did oh man
fish somebody go get fish the fish did you bring the drugs somebody who's who
was supposed to prep these things who is supposed to prep somebody was my goodness don't worry it's a good thing
he wrote it all down whoever stole that journal congratulations that was the
smartest one of us right here we go so um yeah let's just read I wanna I wanna
take you to a section that we haven't done yet I want to take you to a section of work here we go
take a sunscare which has 12 rays and make it fall into a deep fall into a
deep turquoise cup at the time when the moon is visible
put it together with the seed of the fruitful for the Lotus and honey and
after grinding it prepare a cake and at once you will see it the Scarab moving
forward and eating it and when it has consumed it it immediately dies
pick it up throw it into a glass vessel of excellent rose oil much as you wish
and spreading sacred sand in the pure manner set the vessel on it and say the
formula over the vessel for seven days while the sun is mid heaven
we're going to be singing with our drugs there's so many drugs here tonight right
not only that but does anybody smell that does anybody smell the air we're in the
mystery right right you can see the Christians doing this all right we're in
the mystery right and what is that smell it's
goofy goofy what's goofy oh everybody knows what
goofy is there's there's formula for kufi all over from the first century BC until third
it's a fad goofy is a fad man these formula are fads I want to show you some
text and bring you some of this but we've got the kufi burning in the air why
because we have a Holy Spirit we have a holy spirit this is all about
fire and the Breath of Fire there's one of us that can do this
better than anyone else and her name is Medea this is the Breath of Fire I come from
all the way across the Mediterranean it took me three months
to get here three months and you know a couple of times things were pretty perilous
yeah ran out of food at one point it's terrible three months we came why did we come to
see her because she is the one who can breathe the fire
she's the one fantastic take those three deep breaths in as you
behold those solar rays right remember this is first thing in the morning
we are dawnbringers you mean the early Christians were luciferians you mean the
early Christians yes the the first Christians were Bringers of dawn who
followed a man who was arrested in a public park with a naked kid who called himself did you
ever catch Jesus's gangster name did you ever catch it yeah yeah give me a give
me Morning Star Morning Star yeah that's his name
that's his name that's his pop within the cult right that's his pop with an occult so
where are we where is our daughter where is our daughter she's right now
under the protection of these substances that we are fumigating her with
she is under the protection of the Gods this is gorgeous love it love it I'm
going to read you a little bit more after we're able to start everything off what happens
that the sacred Spirit May breathe in me so that I may Wonder at the sacred fire
kufi that I may gaze upon the unfathomable
awesome water of the Dawn the unfathomable awesome water of the
Dawn yeah that's why you're bringing your daughter here
yeah gorgeous fantastic
I today I'm about to behold with Immortal eyes
do you know what the magic is doing the magic is doing what the tree and
Adam did the magic is doing what the tree and
Adam did it's bringing you back bringing you back
memories
bringing you back yeah since it is impossible for me
you know born immortal
born Immortal of a mortal womb a womb a a matrix
yeah what is that gusteron that that's a matrix
it's a matrix for the life okay so when the text talks about the
daughter being born again being brought
to life to a stage of life that's after having entered death
good good I want you to see is we dive in as we keep going
as we keep going deeper what kind of force are we looking for there's a brightness and a mortal
brilliance from this Alpha to Omega drawn breath from the Stars drying up
three times from the Rays all right three times
for in that day an hour you will see the divine order of the Skies
what is that Divine or order of the Skies now those of you with the
um Edition that I'm reading from which is the hands theater bats image of
addition part of which John Scarborough translated [Music]
um those of you who have that you're one step away you're one step
away but remember you're still a step away you're not receiving that pure stream you're receiving it filtered
Okay so what is this thing is that what it says
that's not what it actually says is it I've got it up here I'm gonna search my Greek
for it today I'm not quite sure what order perhaps it's this one oh it is good job look at this do you see the
last words theson that's from thesis you could say an organization Theon a Divine organization
Horas for us and there's your problem that's
not the cosmos that's not the cosmos no no no it's not
it's not sorry I'm Gonna Get You these backwards
look don't don't look at it so backwards oh I'm so sorry where's my
it's in here somewhere isn't it nope I guess I didn't put that one in there
um the Horas is any time that is a cycle
okay think of the loop they um the Greeks were able to Envision a single
abstract concept of the completion of a cycle
the completion of a cycle that is the horror
you have 12 of these during the day did you know you completed 12 Cycles during the day no it's probably because you
didn't also know that you complete 12 Cycles in a year right
um those horai are the Guardians those completed Cycles
are the sister Guardians of the gates of Uranus okay start and think right you're
sitting on your throne right until I didn't say it this time but everybody should be sitting on their throne
can you see those horai can you see them
the completion of a circuit right this is
what I call gynecological time
it's the member of the species that can bring life from death
that orders time not the masculine
isn't that interesting interesting okay so we're well buried
within a mystery right that has a feminine Foundation evangelicals here's a warning you're not
going to like this your cult is a late late development from a woman's science meant
to bring Salvation soteria to the world
yeah thank female Physicians isn't it funny this whole time you've been worshiping a man
when your entire art is based upon the work of female Physicians the Mysterion
is not a mystery like Sherlock Holmes needs to solve right it's an operation
and now we have the specifics and the drugs so we've got the go-ahead this is
the second half we're right at the pole this is the second half
so we're entering this phase of the initiation we go forward with the indictment
we go forward with the indictment good I want to read you a couple more images
here just to get you further you can see her you can see her being initiated
she's already developed the drug the kufi's already burning the oils have already been added
yes symbol of the living yes make himself long then you will see the gods looking
gracious upon you and no longer rushing you going about in
their order of Affairs so when you see the world above as clear and circling
and that none of the gods or Angels is threatening you expect to hear a great
crash of thunder so as to shock you then say again silent
silence and that's where we ended we got her to that point I want you to bring
her now to that final place of vision right I want you to go to that place
that knocks out all the prophets right that causes them to right not her not
her this is this is gorgeous gorgeous
when you have said this the Rays will turn towards you look at the center of
them for when you have done this you will see a youthful God beautiful in
appearance with fiery hair and in a white tunic and a Scarlet cloak and
wearing a fiery crown at once greet him with the fire greeting
oh isn't that nice you could see him you could see him ride everybody this is
Jesus this is Jesus you know coming in
open up your apocalypse and take a look at how Jesus is represented
oh my goodness here he is the Morning Star how nice how do we get here how did we
get here we get here for the water of dawn if you had asked me said Jesus to
the woman the well and nobody understands it especially not any Baptist
you had asked me I would give you living water
right there speaking of Baptists and evangelicals
we have to keep up we've got a clip tonight and I think the clip speaks for
itself it's just another co-conspirator and the long line of co-conspirators who have
sprung from Jesus Christ hit it chewing
[Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign
did it escalate yeah it escalated over time
and it started getting more Hands-On more grabbing you by the shirt grabbing me by
the neck and getting real real aggressive I was in there getting beat on you know I'm saying with a paddle no
clothes on it's like really real life getting beaten I want people to speak up like I'm doing I'm right here talking to
you right now my face is on display right now but we're helping me tell your story your
story matter you really do count what does the future look like for you
with the future in the life of me
you know how many stars is in the universe so my future is too many options my
beauty is in my hands it's actually in my hands
look we can we can come here um so that I can
perform some sort of self masturbatory
scholarship and you guys can sit and say oh isn't
this isn't this wonderful and I can feel better and you can feel better or we can say we're not here for that
yeah we're not here for that we're here to get to the bottom we're here to open up the reality we're here to find out
what Jesus is doing with that naked kid yeah we want to see the rights we want
to know what was going on I'm offering you that view of the rights behind the
curtain all right this is with the temple doors open when the abomination of desolation
yeah the abomination of the eremosis
[Music] when the doubt and antidote sit in the
temple you'll know Run to the Hills Run to the Hills bachats it's time for
The Possession it's time for the Christ to come back yeah
what did I do what did I do the American Association
of University professors along with an international branch sent
members to my school my to St Mary's University
to investigate my firing they determined that I was terminated
inappropriately that it was a matter of free speech
and not a matter of violating policy did I make people uncomfortable
there is an edge there is an edge to the reality
there is an edge to the drugs that allows you
to cut against the resistance the reality Burns
through the chasm it burns through that emptiness
yeah all for the sake of visualization all right
I want to read you one more thing from your text
there also came forth another seven gods who have the faces of black Bulls
inline cloths yes and what is it that we now quenches the
Wrath of the bull it's the virgin
the Virgin quenches that wrath yes the it's through her it's through
that seed ultimately right the seed of God
the child of God it's through that incarnation that the mystery is perpetuated forward
yeah and we drink of that mystery right here we are I want to give you a couple
just some more drugs because it just I don't know we're at a point in in this
um that we just don't have enough drugs I want to let you know I want to let you
know where's the where's young young always makes me want
drugs um we we have come to a point
that we know that they're involved and the people that they told you they were they were involved or not and the people
who told you what these mystery religions were we know they didn't know what they were talking about
so let's look at some of the drugs that are used in the Mr religion we're going to hit this period now ship's gonna
rattle a little bit right we're gonna get that bakic roll right and now we're gonna go boom we're gonna go and we're
gonna see let me just pull up some drug tests here nobody's gonna do this for you you know what you like Ryan you know
you know what you like I know what you like right here we go here we go hey you
know when you come to the satanic initiation at least my at least my people know they're not going to get
abused right you're not going to get abused that's cool
hey we're one step ahead right of the most holy of the modern humans yeah
we're one step ahead of them fantastic um let's go to it I want to take you to
um Can a couple of texts here yes here we go here we go I'm going to give you this one first look at this oh this is
this is so nice here's our kufi recipe this one's from Galen this one's from Galen don't be surprised about the
condition of the pages those pages are you know from from you know
1840 man come on give them a break dude none of my stuff's gonna be around in
that many years okay look at this in the kufi then right it's not a simple
mixture yeah it's not a simple mixture says Galen yeah it's not simply something that's taken out of the ground
yeah yeah nor is it something just Juiced he's saying this isn't one of the
simplest this goofy right this thing's a compound mixture compound mixture that's
right he says the Egyptians they call this thing they call this thing the decent Dante on
you know what that is Jesus is your ability to redeem someone
um let's say in the sake of a battle and an example of a battle right your
ability to keep off the enemy to protect that person all right can be your revenge
can be your revenge you know what they call this drug is Revenge of the Gods
[Laughter] hey how would you like that how would you like that if you were invited to a
group right you got to spend a couple weeks getting either 7 or 14 days depending on the group you got to spend
that much time doing things like not eating anything fasting
right um and you know prepping you're making drugs you're saying prayers you're
you're going over the the Liturgy that you're gonna have to perform you're
doing all this come on man you're nervous right this is a hard process you're going through this right and here
we have what are the what are we gonna do okay look this we're going to spend a week there we're gonna go through this
process it's great right they got them in Europe now right and all you do is you
um enter into this place you enter into this place and what are they going to call the train that gets you to this
place they're going to call it the Revenge of the Gods
you're gonna be inhaling this right now this text brings back to the text there
too if you get a chance oh it's a gorgeous rainbow I like that brings back to this text yeah
um uh he also says here though um there we go yeah so the preparation of it you know
it's one that you can uh burn right you can burn it up you commit it to the
sacrifice right to the burnt sacrifice right um yeah but uh let's go back one
one more forward let's advance to this one is this the one this doesn't catch
the other side of it oh I'm sorry I didn't get it all darn it okay well for this one we'll just okay we'll leave
that one up there um uh the kufi that's prepared can be
swallowed he goes on to say it can be swallowed if you've got asthmatic problems right if you've got breathing
problems you know if it irritates your lungs then you can
um you can also swallow it they have a nice cup they get a potable he says
we're able to drink it I this is Diet scores now switch back this is back in
time you know um a little bit Galen has collected a whole bunch of
stuff and he really values the escorties does Gordy's is the drug dude right he's
the one who puts together the world's best encyclopedia of drugs this guy is on the mark right so he has a kufi
recipe as well he has the type that is that is um he says is compounded for the
sake of the you know the fumigation yeah right and he says it's most most beloved
or most valued by the Gods wait wait what a minute this pharmacist
yeah this is a pharmacist lash physician slash drug expert yeah and you wouldn't
put him in that category don't try to make him a shaman dice Gordy's not a shaman nice Gordies is the death of the
shaman I've got the shaman right here he's right over here come here come here he's so deep I got him so deep in the
dungeon I got everybody's dirty smelly hippie Shaman I'm ready I got your
Shaman right here did I escorties ain't no shaman
is a dude who's done the drug research and he knows and what does he tell us about kufi
let's go to let's go back to the kufi oh excellent so you know he says it's a
compound yeah and it's used you know by the Egyptian priest Ryan they use it to
Instagram baby they they they're experts in this stuff right
and it's used as a mixture with antidotes so again I told you guys about
the dote antidote this kufi is standing
in the place of our theriac that we talked about before that we've got andromedicus from uh using right we've
got him with the formula for that right and he's got them from
I forget who what general it was a Pompey or something who got him from the East I can't remember but they come back
down to Nero through andromedicus and here we have yeah
um yeah so for the asthmatics he says it's given in a drink yeah yeah yeah and he says there's lots
of different preparations of it but most people use at least these this base
ingredient list and then he goes on and then he goes on and on
and with a list of ingredients now the mithridatic forms of this are way or way
longer and it's even plenty remarks on it and he said as has been noted
everybody knows this um it's ridiculous the these this list of ingredients is is too long right how
can you possibly make such a complex combo back then the contemporaries were
saying my God these drugs are advanced so think of us as we try to catch up
right we try to say wait a minute what are all these what are all these drugs doing in combo okay let's go up one more
I want to show you a couple more texts um uh nope let's see no I can't it's too
somebody too small anyway I wanted to focus in yeah
no that's fine um wasn't what I wanted let's go I want
to go to a couple words here just to show you up um this was from uh just last time I
want to make sure you you caught this at the oystery is the um to go crazy right
so this is that phase that we're entering into and I want to give you a couple I had a couple look at The
Anatole what is that Rising that we're getting out of this Ceremony this is
what we're getting we're getting a rise we're getting that point at which the sun rises there's a reason we're we're
here look it it also means epitolay right fantastic so keep an eye on that
what is the apito lay the rising of a star yeah can also be the rising of wind so
for those of you who have ears to hear and you know that our
cult is harnessing the winds you'll understand why she has to have seven
stars in her hand and he tells us in this text he tells us this is all about
the contritus right and what is that well here you can see it equals the Deep
sass right so there's something again about that deep SAS Venom that is
involved in our right with our daughter it is a kentra4 it's something that
carries with a sting right it's something that bears The Sting right
look at how poor fiery is it contain the center of the universe okay for those of
you with ears to hear you're going to enter into a state of Kentucky Mania
yeah what is something that's kentro manes that's something that's maddened by that kentron but look
there's an association with the sexuality uh oh love is what makes you
mad love is what makes you mad and puts you into that state so that you can be
one of these kin three Adai these priests at Athens who drove an ox to an
altar with the gods right these guys were the guys of the goads they were the
ones who goaded on right and what do we get with this thing
ultimately ending up being a membrane relay right
that post stays there for a reason okay because we're in that sexual right
fantastic fantastic okay bring him back
so I wanted you to see some of the images that are around we're in I want to go one more time and finish this uh
mithras liturgy during a Bible study which we'll do next week the reason I wanted to do this is
um if you are able to put yourself in the performance of a mystery you can take
anything that a professor from an Ivy League school
has said and you can shove it in a place where he's going to be
uncomfortable sitting on it and that's because you don't need the
interpretation you need to see the actual right honestly love of all religions I've got
to say you've Hit Upon a real Central truth here what is the reason that we
are doing this what is the reason that that book is banned right if that
book is banned there's a reason we're here to find out what that reason
is and to blow it up to see what it is so I've got a question for the
evangelicals the pace and I'll just preface this by saying the pace of Jesus's arrest and
coming trans-dimensional trial um is
uh closing in on us right we will end with the indictment so
our investigation you know we're not here as judge jury and executioner Jesus
will have his day in trans-dimensional court what Warrior to do is to Bear witness
and testifies to who he was according to our evidence
my question to those of you who are evangelicals who are listening
those of you who have not read the Bible but go around claiming that you have
right um or claiming that I have some sort of
Trauma from some sort of higher religious hierarchy I don't I'll tell
you my friends I I have there's a good chance that I have brought to eternal
life more people than you or anybody you know
um I have performed and had the privilege of being at the
new birth um of those who were down and out those who
needed it those who needed the purgation came those who were desperate
yes yes Mission work fantastic and I can tell
you to watch the death again from the rebirth is just as spectacular if not
more spectacular so here's the question what was Jesus
doing with a naked kid in a public park I'm
asking you evangelicals Love of All religion I'm asking you dark witch lady
uh dark witch I don't think cares but um those of you who do
who are born again those of you who have the indwelling of the holy spirit
because you have believed the word of God because you
have committed your life to Christ because you
celebrate his holy day that your ancestors celebrated at that Sunrise
with the rising of him I would ask you
what is he doing with the naked kid in a public park
that's what we need to answer and I would invite all of you I've asked and I've asked a lot I've
asked a lot of people and that's a lethal question you can really get into somebody's mind by exposing them to this
material so um that's what I would ask you and I want to start bringing some of your
answers forward what was Jesus doing with the naked boy in a public park what was Jesus doing with a naked boy in
a public park can we play one more time that clip please Joy
[Music]
thank you [Music]
did it escalate yeah it escalated over time
and it started getting more Hands-On more grabbing you by the shirt grabbing me by
the neck and getting real real aggressive I was in there getting beat on what I'm saying with a paddle no
clothes on it's like really real life getting beaten I want people to speak up like I'm doing I'm right here talking to
you right now my face is on display right now but we're helping me tell your story your
story matter he really do count what does the future look like for you
with the future in the life of me uh
you know how many stars is in the universe so in my future is too many options my
beauty is in my hands it's actually in my hands foreign
in all seriousness laughing of The Dalai Lama with the indwelling Buddha aside
after the kiss or the tongue suck me thing whatever that suck my tongue thing was
in all seriousness it's that kid that you and I are really working for
right the trans-dimensional District Attorney's office is the one
that's going to bring charges right on behalf of that
child that was with Jesus in the public park Jesus has gotten all of the press
right that kid is completely on the outside and if it were up to the Christians they would have buried them a
long time ago right and just gotten rid of them but we
because we fight for justice right we are pagans we still believe in
the goddess Justice and we need to fight for that kid that
wasn't we need to fight for this guy right and the long line of children that
Jesus Christ and his followers have victimized it's a it's a fight it's a fight against
everything that is beautiful and it's the same fight that the Romans were
waging in the first century when the Christians burned down the city thank you for coming tonight
we will be forging ahead with another necromancy to follow we have to I'm told
that because we're in the second half of the push toward the apocalypse that
we have to speed things up now so I'm gonna have to start bringing in Witnesses and it might get ugly things
might get you know a little bit strange I need you to sit with me on that throne
and I need us not to forget those Chaldean principles right the Chaldean
principle of who you are you don't know who you are says Dionysus that's the problem you don't know who you are
yeah we need to realize who we are we need to look into the mirror we need to
be well capable of that performance and in order to get there we're going to bring back the dead and uh it might be
scary it might be scary it should be shouldn't any time that you bring that
you perform necromancy shouldn't it be a little bit a little bit across the plane please have your asterian stay on the
throne so that we can stay submerged in those deep things I appreciate your time
in honoring the Deep things of Satan and I say have a good night hail Satan
drinking whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]